oh my god Becky look at her books they
are so thick she looks like one of those
teachers pets but who understands those
teachers they only talk to her cuz she
looks like a total honor student okay I
mean her bucks
are just so big I can't believe they're
just so rectangular and thick Google
Rose I like your face you get put on
that big old butt pear pod I got second
series she's deep in chapter 10
then I hope this never ends though baby
you want to get picture three bits with
pictures my homeboy shot don't warn me
it's in books you got you got the soos
be making me what to read well read me
read me cuz I ain't that average
magazine I seen her Kindle check with
Cal Kendall she's nice like I'm crazy
like I love my life
I'm tired of these movies with the butch
beef flavor screen think you have this
black minute s connect you got a stuff
it in your backpack so fellas yes fellas
yes your girlfriend got oh yeah now read
it read it read it read it read that big
ol book maybe got books
baby got books I like em big and thick
read moby-dick I just can't help myself
I'm making like an animal
now here's my scandal I'm gonna take it
home and put double up foot flips I'm
talking about Ginny beef because that is
the book for baby I want them real thick
and wordy so find me a girl that's dirty
but she's gotta be Purdy and if it's
gotta be sturdy
so I'm looking at books like Hunger
Games catch the Sepideh up in flames you
keep them Hunger Games I'm making it up
but I love a good cook I wanna get pizza
you know I can't resist this I gotta be
straight when I say I want to be till
the break of dawn babe you got it going
on there's hair way like this song some
people just are getting quit it but I'm
here to stay and read I'm grown and I'm
strong
time to get education on so lady baby
right Pacific West ready I'll pick it up
open it and some that you just can't
quit maybe got books
baby got baby got books baby